Add modem battery library and sample (#10872)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/modem_battery.rst

Reviewer: Lots of good information in this documentation, good job

To manually unsubscribe battery low level notifications, call the :c:func:`modem_battery_low_level_disable` function.

Modem battery power off warning
********************************

The power off warning is received as unsolicited AT notification when the modem battery voltage drops below a certain threshold. Note: this threshold is different from the battery low level.
When the power off warning is sent, the modem sets itself to Offline mode and sends an unsolicited notification. Active power off warning blocks the storing to NVM.
Configuring and enabling the modem battery power off warning is only supported by modem firmware v1.3.1 and higher.
The application is responsible for detecting a possible increase in the battery voltage level and for restarting the LTE protocol activities.
This can be detected by calling the :c:func:`modem_battery_voltage_get`. If the level is acceptable again (>3000 mV), the application can proceed with initialization of the modem.
The factory default is 3000 mV. To configure this value, call the :c:func:`modem_battery_pofwarn_enable` function by passing an integer corresponding to a voltage.

> The expected values are 30 (for 3000 mV), 31 (for 3100 mV), 32 (for 3200 mV), 33 (for 3300 mV).

Author: Enums is better

.. _lib_modem_battery_readme:

Modem battery
#############

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The modem battery library is used to get battery voltage information or notifications from the modem.

Overview
********

The library issues AT commands to perform the following actions:

* Retrieve the battery voltage measured by the modem.
* Set the battery voltage low level for the modem.
* Subscribe/unsubscribe unsolicited notifications of low levels in battery voltage from the modem.
* Configure the powero-ff warnings from the modem (modem firmware v1.3.1 and higher).

Configuration
*************

You can enable this library using the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_BATTERY`.
When enabled, the modem battery library automatically subscribes to unsolicited notifications of low levels in battery voltage low level and configures the power off warnings from the modem.

Usage
*****

The library can be used for the following purposes:

* Modem battery voltage retrieval
* Setting a voltage threshold for minimum battery voltage

> * Initiating a power off warning

Reviewer: I would rather say, "Configuring power off warnings" ?

The modem battery library is used to get battery voltage information or notifications from the modem.

The library issues AT commands to perform the following actions:

* Retrieve the battery voltage measured by the modem.
* Set the low level battery voltage for the modem.

> * Subscribe to or unsubscribe from unsolicited notifications on low levels in modem's battery voltage.

Author: I would prefer to keep "battery voltage low level" here as well.

* Configure the power off warnings from the modem (possible with modem firmware v1.3.1 and higher).

Configuration
*************

> You can enable this library using the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_BATTERY`.

Author: ```suggestion
This library can be enabled using the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MODEM_BATTERY`.
```

How about this?

> When enabled, the modem battery library automatically subscribes to unsolicited notifications on low levels in modem battery voltage and configures the power off warnings from the modem.

Author: I would prefer "battery voltage low level" here as well.
